I've combined the fourth and fifth steps.
This is where you create your WordPress site first you need to create the database and then you need
to install the site using WP CLIA as the first site you created, use your text editor and create what
I call a site file.
This file contains all the database and WP CLIA commands.
It makes life much easier doing it this way.
I've created my MAC Web, their file with all the relevant information.
All that's left for me to do is to copy and paste the commands.
One important aspect you must take note of, and that is the installation you are.
Have you used the naked domain name or have you used w w w dot the domain name?
I have seen so many problems arising from this situation.
Please make note if you've used the naked domain name, that is the domain name without w w w or you've
decided to use w w w dot followed by the domain name.
If you look at my site file WP or install the u r l http domain name, there is no w w w we need to
log in to Maria db sudo MySQL for new root.
You will be prompted for your sudo password from my site file and pasting the commands.
Create database, grant all privileges to that user on the specific database.
And finally I am flashing the privileges once we've created our database you can exit Miria DB.
You then need to change to your site's public underscore html directory cd slash var w w w domain name
papic html.
You can then paste your w PCR commands from your site, file WP Core Download WP or config and finally
WP core install.
Success WordPress installed successfully a listing of our public HTML directory displays our WordPress
files and directories.
Open the site using my browser, there is the default WordPress page.
We also need to enable pretty permalink.
You need to change to your Etsy Ingenix sites available directory and then open your site's configuration
file.
Using NENO, you need to remove the equals for, for and change it to slash indexed questionmark dollar
is semicolon that will enable pretty permalink.
You can exit your site's configuration file, saving your changes.
Lets test the configuration.
Everything is fine.
It's reload Ingenix to enable the change.
I've logged in to my site's dashboard settings permalink.
I want to change it to post name.
We have now enabled pretty permalink.